One more note about backgrounds (#25659)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/product_analytics/heatmaps.md

## Backgrounds

> A background is a snapshot of a Session Replay. Each heatmap fetches the 20 backgrounds that triggered the most actions during a given session. Changing the background shows different results depending on the background selected. You can use the **Choose Background** button to select a particular background for your heatmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background is a snapshot of a Session Replay. Each heat map fetches the 20 backgrounds that triggered the most actions during a given session. Changing the background shows different results depending on the background selected. You can use the **Choose Background** button to select a particular background for your heat map.
```
I know this was already here, but vale is flagging it. Not sure if it is correct or not. 🤔

Author: Thanks @brett0000FF , I know this is tricky but in this case the feature is called Heatmaps (1 word). Maybe we can bring this up to the style council next time.
